what's that close a little
closer on the Mongolia to
discover what it's like to be a
modern-day no man that's good
right
close walk what you want me to
do and to be a doormat you to
learn how to milk account
I'm Italian so I'm pretty hairy
but the cow is certainly carrier
than me so it was very difficult
to milk heart heart my biggest
fear that I just don't want to
get kicked in the face when
account sorry we're not in their
them 123 no problem milk comes
right in what do you make with
couchman your war choose Walker
you say what what what what why
are you scratching but this
card's really like is convicted
out and II from the calendar so
that we know I was certainly
responsible for at least
one-tenth of videos